# Shopping Cart

## Introduction

The purpose is to implement a simple e-commerce shopping cart with products, categories, campaigns and coupons.

* Products have title, price and category.
* Categories have title and may have a parent category.
* Campaigns make discount on specific categories. For a campaign to be valid, there needs to be a specified number of different products added to the cart.
* Coupons make discount on the cart itself at checkout. For a coupon to be valid, there needs to be a minimum cart amount.
* Discounts are either the fixed amounts or rates.
* Products are added to the cart by a quantity.
* Multiple campaigns and coupons can be added to the cart.
* Campaigns and coupons are selected based on their discount values. Maximum discounting campaigns and coupons are applied and others aren't.
* Campaigns are applied first and then coupons are applied to the remaining amount in the cart.
* There is an additional delivery cost based on the number of different categories of products and number products in the cart.

## Development, Running and Testing

This project is written in Java 8 and built with [Gradle](https://gradle.org/). You may run `clean`, `build`, `run`, `test` etc. as following:

```
gradle <task>
```

## Tests and Coverage

This project has automated tests written with [JUnit 5](https://junit.org/junit5/). Code coverage of the tests are near 100% (see the [report](coverage/index.html) generated by IntelliJ IDEA Test Coverage Tool). 

## Notes

There can only be additions to the cart at the moment due to limited scope of the project. Money values are handled in denominated way as integers ($1.00 = 100).

